Flazzard: [furious snarl]
[frustrated grunts]
[furious roar]
Curses!
Flazzard: Why?
Why the blazes?!
I'm the one with the plan
that lured the Hero here.
Now I'm supposed to just
sit and guard the hostage?!
Flazzard: How about
we break the ice?!
Huh, little Princess?!
I... guess I can
hold off, for now.
You've only got until
sundown, anyway.
[devious laughter]
It looks like there are
guards here, after all.
Let's get them!
We need a plan!
Oh, no! It's the Hero!
Avan Style Sword
Technique, Wave Slash!
Run!
[fleeing cries]
Baduck - let's do it!
Right.
Baduck: 'kay. Let's
give this thing a shot!
Dai: If we take
out this one
while Popp destroys
the Dark Ice Spire,
Flazzard's Curse Field
should disappear.
Dai [thought]: And then
I can save you, Leona!
Here we go!
Look out!
Dai: The Spire...
It's still standing.
Who did that?! Come out!
[worried chirp]
Whoa! Where did
they come from?
Baduck: We're surrounded!
Dai: These are not
Flazzard's soldiers.
Was this a trap?!
Zaboera: [delighted cackle]
Dai: Who are you?!
[chuckling]
I am the Commander of
the Mystic Legion; Zaboera!
And this is Mystvearn;
Commander of the Shadow Legion.
Mystic Legion?!
And the Shadow Legion?!
We knew you and your party would
split up to destroy the Spires-
and it seems we were correct.
And now we have the
perfect opportunity
to wipe out you pesky gnats,
once and for all.
Then... Popp and Maam...
[devious laughter]
Popp: Looks like we've
stumbled into a trap.
This isn't good. Do you
think Dai and Baduck...
We have to focus on the
mission at hand, right?
We gotta defeat-
[amused chuckle]
Hadlar: So Dai is at
the Dark Flame Spire.
Hadlar: How disappointing.
It's him.
Popp: It can't be...
Then, so be it. Either way,
this is the end for
the Disciples of Avan.
I suppose I'll just
enjoy crushing you worms.
Uh, Popp?
That voice...
That voice is one that...
I'll never forget!
Popp: Hadlar,
the Dark Commander!
Zaboera: Not even a Hero
can handle this
many enemies at once.
Whether you fear
the Dark Army or not,
you will lose tonight.
Baduck: Very well.
And once again - it's time
for Baduck the swordsman...
To use the Papnica
Single-Blade style!
[shocked yell]
Hey - Baduck; you focus
on fighting off the Mages!
They're weak if you don't give
them a chance to use a spell!
Right! I'm on it!
So, he...
He's the one who
took Master Avan?
He did.
But I did not expect
the Dark Commander himself
to show his ugly mug.
[amused laugh]
I thought I should
personally come and see
you annoying humans
defeated at last.
O-Oh yeah?
Don't assume everything's just
going to go as planned, Hadlar!
You're that little Mage
who was there that day
when I defeated the Hero Avan.
That's right!
I'm one of his students!
[chuckling]
W-What's so funny?
[laughing]
How hilarious.
No, how very pathetic!
The scrawny little
student desperately fought
all this way to avenge
his precious master...
[chuckling]
Only to end up on this island,
facing a pitiful end!
Well... I might lose,
but I'm not going down
this time without a fight!
And after what you
did to our Master Avan?
You're going to pay for it!
That's right.
So mark my words;
You will never... be
forgiven... for what you did!
And who are you?
Maam: I'm a student
of Avan, too.
A Disciple!
It seems as if you have the
wrong idea about me, disciple.
I'm not really the one
that took Avan's life...
Kindness!
That animal instinct
"kindness" was his undoing!
Why, you-
Wait, don't!
[charging roar]
Maam, no!
He's powerful in
hand-to-hand, too!
[pained groan]
Maam!
Die.
[roaring]
Dai [thought]: There's
just too many of them.
In that case...
[battle cry]
Dai: Avan...
Baduck: Dai!
Dai [thought]: H-He floats like
a ghost... but he's so strong!
Who is he?!
Dai: This... This is...
Dark Puppetry Aura Hand?!
B-but... I thought that was
Hyunckel's unique skill?!
Zaboera: [chuckle]
You hopeless fool.
Hyunckel may have learned
his sword skills from Avan,
but he learned how to
manipulate the Dark Aura
from Commander
Mystvearn, here.
How else would he bend
the will of the dead?
But the fact is, Mystvearn is
the originator of that skill.
Dai [thought]:
I... I can't move!
Dai!
Zaboera: Whoops!
You aren't going anywhere,
you weak, old goat.
I won't stand by and
let some ancient gremlin
call me an old goat!
Hah! What a pain it is
having to deal with
fossils like you, swordsman.
Let the words of the dead
carry you to eternity.
Zaboera: Thwack!
[nervous groan]
W-What is this
creepy voice I hear?!
It is the dead beckoning to
you from the netherworld.
When you finally succumb
to them, your life ends!
Now die, old man!
[evil cackle]
Popp...
Ow... Hadlar's spell...
It's even more powerful
than last time...
But how?!
Isn't it obvious?
As a reward for
defeating Avan,
The Dark King granted
me a new body,
allowing me an
even greater power!
In close combat, spells,
and everything else!
So now, I have more strength
than when I defeated
the pathetic Hero, Avan.
No, no...
So now you should see
that this time around,
you have no hope for victory.
And your friend, Dai...
has already been pummeled by
the Mystic and Shadow Legions,
and is already gone.
[evil laughter]
Popp [thought]:
It's no good.
We can't...
We can't beat him!
Maybe if it was
just Flazzard.
But with Hadlar and
the other Legions here...
It's all over.
And now, it's time!
For the crime of
resisting our Dark Army,
the punishment will
have to be severe.
Popp [thought]: Sizzle?
Hadlar: You will learn your
lesson in my fearsome inferno!
Popp: Maam!
Popp [thought]:
That's right...
I... I can't just give up!
If I give up, then who's
going to protect her?!
You're both going to burn!
Popp [thought]: I have
to protect Maam...
And I have to help Dai!
Sizzle!
Popp: I can't give up...
Not until the very end.
Here goes!
What? No!
I just cast... Sizzle?
I-It can't be!
Impossible!
How could that weakling
mage's spell overpower my own?
Are you all right,
Lord Hadlar?
Silence, you fool.
Now's my chance.
While they're distracted.
What can I use?
Anything?!
Curse you, boy!
We'll take him out!
All of you - back off!
Sizzle!
Popp: I did it!
Maam, did you see that?
Maam: It was amazing.
I can't believe you
really... cast Sizzle.
Right? Me too.
I wasn't even thinking.
It's all thanks to my mentor!
It was just one day of
training with Matoriv,
but it feels
like my attack spells
have already
increased in power!
Popp: Thank you, Mentor!
Popp: We can deal with
the Dark Ice Spire later.
Let's go help Dai and Baduck.
Maam: Yeah.
Hadlar: What a surprise.
Amazing how that
insolent human has grown.
But now, observe
and understand...
there is always going
to be a bigger force.
Popp: No way! That's...
Hadlar: Oh... You
recognize this spell?
You've done your
Mage homework.
C'mon. Maam, run!
Kasizz!
Wh-What's that?
Zaboera: [chuckling]
Isn't it something?
That's the sound
of Lord Hadlar
using his most
powerful spell; Kasizz.
Hadlar's here?
The Dark Ice Spire is being
guarded by Lord Hadlar himself,
along with his
legion of minions.
He's fighting Popp and Maam?!
No!
Zaboera: Futile!
Pure futility.
No one can break free
from Mystvearn's Dark
Puppetry Aura Hand!
Now let's see which one of
you is going to perish first.
Yes!
Baduck...
Gomechan!
Zaboera: C-Curse your
useless struggle!
You've merely prolonged
your inevitable doom!
Baduck, Gomechan...
I'm not sure if I have
enough strength left in me
to defend the both
of you right now.
I'm sorry, you guys.
Fear not! We're
in this together.
[agreeing chirps]
All of you! Attack!
Zaboera: [cackling]
Who did that?!
Who would dare go
against Zaboera?!
Crocodine: I would!
Im...possible!
Dai: Crocodine!
It's you?!
First you disappear
without a trace...
Zaboera: Then you show up
and drop a boulder on us?
What is the meaning of this?!
I'm helping the
Disciples of Avan.
Wh-You what?!
I couldn't just
stand by and watch
your attempt at a
cowardly little ambush.
You're mad.
All of you!
Ignore the others and take
care of this traitor first!
You're joking. Must be.
Because no one
in the Dark Army...
Can defeat the Beast King!
So - this big
thing's on our side?!
Dai.
You're really alive!
[chuckling]
As you can see!
I'm here to help you!
That's right!
Popp and Maam are in danger!
It's Hadlar.
Fear not.
A mighty ally is headed
for the Dark Ice Spire.
And he's even more
powerful than I am!
Lord Hadlar, you're...
You're safe.
Hadlar: Indeed.
They still remain.
I did hold back
so I wouldn't damage
the Dark Ice Spire.
Hadlar: She's
still breathing.
I should finish her
off just in case.
Popp: No...
Wait...
Hadlar: You
survived, as well?
Don't worry, you'll both meet
again in the next realm.
Please...
I don't... I don't
care what happens to me.
Just... Just, please, let
her go. I'll take her place.
There's that pointless
"kindness" again.
Please... Not Maam...
I see. You're in love
with this girl, aren't you?
[laughing]
Hadlar: Oh, this
is just perfect!
Please, stop...
Hadlar: Knowing that, I can't
possibly let her live.
You've scarred my body, you
weak, worthless little worm.
So now I'm going
to make you watch
while I take away
the girl you love.
This is the most fitting
punishment for you, boy.
No, don't...
Hadlar: I'll leave her on
the top of the Dark Ice Spire,
where everyone
will be able to see.
You can't!
[chuckling]
Please, don't! Please!
No! Maam!
The Dark Ice Spire...
Destroyed?!
What? But you're...
The Dark Ice Spire.
Well done, Hyunckel.
So it really is him?
Crocodine: Now, Dai, I'll
shatter the Dark Flame Spire.
You go on ahead
to Valge Tower!
Dai: Right!
Go on! Defeat
Flazzard, my friend!
[roaring]
Hyunckel... You're alive.
It can't be...
Why, you little...
Narrator: After vanishing
at the Underground Place,
Hyunckel the Undead
Legion Commander
makes a surprising return.
Soon he faces Hadlar's
wrath for betraying
the Dark Army
and rescuing Maam.
But Hyunckel intends to avenge
the death of his father Bartos,
and an incredible
showdown begins at last.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Hyunckel Versus Hadlar".